welcome to Gulfstream motorcars and the
lush surroundings of the Palm Beaches
you're invited to take a closer look at
this incredibly rare XKR coupe and rare
is an apt description since this 2005
Jaguar has a mere 14,000 miles and has
been kept in pristine condition Gulf
Stream motorcars specializes in
acquiring these outstanding examples low
mileage meticulously well-maintained
high-end automobiles like this 2005
Jaguar XKR to find one these days in
this condition with these miles 14,000
on a 2005 is becoming so remote as to
nearly be impossible so few of these
change hands because no one wants to
give theirs up and it's the coupe that
makes it even more choice it carries
with it the look the original Jaguar
racing bloodline and it's the our series
of supercharged and it's got this
gorgeous platinum exterior no paintwork
no accidents you can see their history
reports the dove interior to see it is
to get excited about it now anybody can
throw around the description flawless
condition we're going to show you now on
a preowned automobile there are always a
few telltale signs of how it's been
preserved obviously this was garage kept
notice the black molding surrounding the
windows the windshield it's not
weathered it's not faded it's one of
those indicators of phenomenal condition
now notice the wheels here's something
that I look for on the wheels it's a sin
for a coupe this nice to have some
ratted up rims but you'll notice that
the edges all of them smooth wheel rash
not there each of them look fantastic
now let's take it for a drive
this is a supercharged XK coupe that you
are going to treasure when you sit
inside not only does it look new but it
feels now it
it smells new and since you've got to
have low miles 14,000 is excellent for
this generation where will another one
like this be found you're going to pull
this into your driveway at Macomb and
your neighbor is going to come over and
ask where did you find it two words
Gulfstream motor cars we encourage you
to visit the Gulfstream motorcars
website to review the accident free
history report and examine dozens of
photos of this beautiful and perhaps
never to be made available again with
these miles and in superb condition an
XK are coupe for more information in
questions contact Kerry today at five
six one two two one four nine nine two
Oh